Charts: update valueErrorBar and customizeTooltip (#5065)
DevExpress/devextreme-documentation: api-reference/10 UI Components/BaseChart/1 Configuration/tooltip/customizeTooltip.md

    </tr>
    <tr>
        <td><code>percent</code></td>    

>         <td>The percent value of the point being hovered over in fractions. For example, <code>0.6</code>.</td>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        <td>The percent value of the point being hovered over in decimal format. For example, <code>0.6</code>.</td>
```

    </tr>
</table>

> 

Reviewer: Can you apply the following changes above?

Line 45:  
What do you mean by "the similar type"? Is the type _the same_? For example:  
`In this instance, <b>argument</b> has the same type as the argument axis.`

Line 69:  
"folllowing" is misspelled. Please fix.

Line 82:  
`<td>The percent value of the point being hovered over.`

This description is exactly the same as the one on line 78. Is this intended?  
Also note that the closing **td** tag is missing.

Line 101:  
Please update this description to the following:  
`The first range value of the point being hovered over as it is set in the data source.`

Line 113:  
Please update this to the following:  
`The second range value of the point being hovered over as it is set in the data source.`

Author: Done
